## Task 1: Understanding Promises

Create a function `fetchData(url)` that simulates fetching data from a given URL.

- The function should return a Promise.
- If the URL does not start with 'http', it should reject the promise with an `Error` whose message is `Invalid URL`.
- The Promise should resolve after a random delay (between 1-3 seconds) with an arbitrary JSON object as the presumable response from the server
- Test your function via node or browser.

## Task 2: Chaining Promises

Use the `fetchData(url)` function to create a new function `fetchSequentialData(urls)` that fetches data from two different URLs in sequence, using Promise chaining. That is, start fetching from the second source once data from the first source arrives. Combine the results in an array. Include error handling as well.

**Note**: For simplicity, assume that `urls` has always size 2. As an optional task, try implementing it in a way that works for any size of `urls`.

## Task 3: Multiple Promises

Create a new function fetchAllData(urls) that takes an array of URLs and fetches data from all URLs simultaneously. Combine the results in an array. Including error handling as well.

**Note**: Think about the difference in performance between this task and the previous task. What optimization technique makes this function faster than the previous one?

## Task 4: Power of Async

Create a new function `fetchSequentialDataAsync(urls)` that performs the same operation as `fetchSequentialData` but uses `async/await` instead of chaining `.then()` calls. Include error handling as well.

## Submissions

- Submit one JavaScript file named `scripts.js`, including all the functions described above.
- Do not forget to export the functions from your script. Otherwise, the auto-tester will not be able to call them.

```javascript
module.exports = {
  fetchData,
  fetchSequentialData,
  fetchAllData,
  fetchSequentialDataAsync,
};
```

## How to run the auto-tester locally

- Download `e4-tester.js` from [this link](./e4/e4-tester.js) and place it next to your script file (`scripts.js`).
- Run `node e4-tester`.
