## Extended Canada holidays

In this week's lecture, we implemented a web page that fetched the list of Canadian holidays from https://canada-holidays.ca/api/. Now, you are to extend that and add additional functionalities to it. You will add filters for year and province, implement pagination, and add the search functionality to the website.

Use the lecture code as your starter code. You can find the link to lecture codes at the course website. For the auto-testing purposes, you will need to add specific IDs to elements. Display all results in a table with the `id="holidays-table"`. Make sure that the table has the following columns:

- **Date:** The date of the holiday.
- **Name:** The name of the holiday.
- **Name (FR):** The name of the holiday, in French.
- **Province(s):** The provinces where the holiday is observed. If a federal holiday, just put `Federal`.

## Task 1: The 'year' dropdown

- Add a dropdown with the `id="year-filter"` that allows users to filter holidays by year. The years should range from 2020 to 2030 (inclusive), with default value of 2024.
- Upon selecting a year, fetch the holidays of that year from the API.

## Task 2: The 'province' dropdown

- Add a dropdown with the `id="province-filter"` that allows users to filter holidays by province.
- List of Canada's provinces can be found at [this link](https://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2021/ref/dict/tab/index-eng.cfm?ID=t1_8). Only display the two-letter code of each province.
- By default, the `All` options should be selected, listing the holidays for all holidays.

## Task 3: Local Pagination

- Implement pagination to display the results in chunks (10 holidays per page).
- Add "Next" and "Previous" buttons to navigate between pages (with `id="next-page"` and `id="prev-page`, respectively).
- Note that the API does not support pagination. That is, it returns all results to you. The frontend pagination is done for UX purposes.

## Task 4: Search Bar

- Implement a search bar with the `id="holiday-search"` that allows users to search for holidays by name.
- Search should return partial and case-insensitive match.
- Hint: You might want to use the `useMemo` hook.

## Task 5: Persist Filters and Search

- Update the query parameters in the URL to reflect the selected year, province, current page, and search query.
- This way, when the page is refreshed, the filters, pagination, and search parameters persist, and the correct results are displayed based on the query parameters.
- Also, you will have a reusable URL that always displays the same results (e.g., `http://localhost:3000?year=2024&province=ON`).
- Hint: Use Next.js's router (`useRouter`) to manage and update the query parameters dynamically.

## Submission:

Push your entire Next.js project (excluding `node_modules`) to your git repository for this exercise. Alternatively, you can upload a zip file of your application to Markus as well. If Markus complains about the size of your file, delete `package-lock.json` as well.

Note that you should put your files directly under the root directory of your submission. That is, for example, your package file should be at `package.json`, not `next-app/package.json`. The auto-tester will not work if the files are inside a subdirectory.

Your components should render at the root path (`/`).

## How to run the auto-tester locally

- Run `npm install --save-dev jest puppeteer`.
- Download `frontend.test.js` from [this link](./e8/frontend.test.js) and place it anywhere inside your project's directory.
- Run `npx jest`.
- The tests are designed to finish within 3-4 seconds. If your internet connection is slow, it might take longer. See [this answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/72563567/1892185) on instructions for increasing the deadline. Note that timeouts are actually signs of bugs in most cases. Also note that the increase will only happen locally, not on Markus.
